Our application is taking shape and we're heavily using the provider package and the provider pattern,
which is normal in bigger or anything but very trivial applications because managing our state like
this is so much easier and more convenient than doing it in the main.dart file and passing data around
manually which is very error prone and cumbersome.
Now in this app, there are a couple of missing pieces,
order now doesn't do anything,
if we go to a detail page, we also only see the title,
we see no content here.
So these are the things I want to work on,
I want to make sure that when we go to the detail page, we see some details about this element
we selected and on the cart page if I click order now, I actually want to place this order and store
it as an order somewhere.
Now let's start with the detail page, which is pretty boring compared to what we did before because now
we'll not really work with provider,
we already are fetching our product here by its ID and there is little else I need to do
but of course, we'll have to add a couple of widgets here to output more information about our selected
product.
So let's add a body to the scaffold here in the product detail screen and in there
as always, it's up to you how you want to style this and what you want to show,
I'll add a container here with a height of 300 in which I want to output the image of that
product we selected. So the child of that container is simply a network image with image.network
and the information, we get that from the loaded product, that's where we get our URL from,
so LoadedProduct.imageUrl is what I use here and on that network image, I also set the fit
to BoxFit.cover to fit that image nicely into the container. With that if we save this and we go
to the detail page,
here's our image.
Now the container should also take the full width, so I'll set the width to double infinity and now that
is what I get.
Now below that container here, I also want to output the description, so the details about this product and
the price.
So therefore this container should actually go into a column and actually that column should go into
a SingleChildScrollView, so that it is scrollable in case the space does not suffice
on our page and now below the container, in that list of widgets we pass to column, I'll have a
SizedBox with a height of 10 to add some spacing here and then I want to have a text which holds the price
of that element.
So here, I want to have my loaded or actually with a dollar sign in front of it
and then some string interpolation, my loaded product.price like this and give this a little bit of styling
by creating a text style here on-the-fly and of course, you could set up a general title theme for that
if you wanted to. I'll just give this a color of Colors.grey and a font size of 20 let's say
and below that text here, I want to have my description. So I'll add a SizedBox here as well with a height
of 10 and below that SizedBox,
I'll add a text widget which outputs my loaded product.description and where I set text align to
TextAlign.center. I also want to make sure that soft wrap is set to true, so that this wraps into new
lines if there is no more space and I'll wrap it into a container which has a width of double infinity
to take as much space as we have on the screen but with some extra padding where I have
EdgeInsets.symmetric and only assign horizontal padding of let's say 10. And with all of that, this is what I
have here, obviously not too fancy, you can obviously change this, fine tune this, add different colors,
whatever you need, it's not really the focus of this module obviously since we focus on state management
here but nonetheless, a nice detail page here where we can view more information about the product before
we then favorite it or put it into our cart here, like this.